[Workers] Airtable tutorial revision (#2255)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/tutorials/handle-form-submissions-with-airtable/index.md

In this tutorial, you will use Workers and [Airtable](https://airtable.com) to persist form submissions from a front-end user interface. Airtable is a great, free-to-use spreadsheet solution that has an approachable API for developers. Workers will handle incoming form submissions, and use Airtable's [REST API](https://airtable.com/api) to asynchronously persist the data in an Airtable "base" (Airtable's term for a spreadsheet) for later reference.

![Example GIF of complete Airtable and serverless function integration](./example.gif)

[The source for this project can be found on GitHub](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-airtable-form)—note that this codebase includes both a front-end component (built with [React](https://reactjs.org) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)), as well as a serverless function for handling the interaction with Airtable. 

[The front-end portion of this site](https://airtable-form-example.pages.dev) does not require any specific React experience. It uses a basic HTML5 form, showing that you can use Workers to handle any kind of form, whether entirely in HTML, or client-side, JS-heavy forms, such as with React or other front-end frameworks.

> ## Create a form

Author: @signalnerve this section needs a "where is the user doing this" and step by step on what to open and where to input the code.

Reviewer: 🤷  since the code is already written and mentioned in L#58, this is more review on how HTML and the browser interact

</form>
```

> If you would like to follow along with this example, you can directly copy the `form` code from the [`Form` component](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-airtable-form/blob/main/frontend/src/Form.js) into your own project, or use the codebase and plug in your own serverless function, following the next section in the tutorial. 

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately the user can't directly copy the form code because the repo's frontend is relying on an entire supporting build system in order to make it work. Can only be directly copied into an existing Preact/React project with an existing build system.

Looking back over this, there's a bit of a disparity between what's shown in the tutorial (the distilled basics, which is nice) and the linked repo, which has more going on.

> ## Create a serverless function

Author: @signalnerve i'm assuming that based on the content the where this is happening is all in the wrangler toml file. so just confirming that this section is strictly all workers tasks.

Reviewer: yep!

> ## Configure an Airtable base

Author: @signalnerve based on the content of this section, this part is all done in airtable.

Reviewer: yep

![Renaming the Airtable table inside of the user interface](./form-submissions.png)

With your new Airtable base set up, you can grab the values from Airtable's UI that you need to make API requests.

Refer to [Airtable's API page](https://airtable.com/api), and select your new base. In the API documentation page, find your **Airtable base ID** (the highlighted text in the below screenshot). You can also check the **Show API key** checkbox in the top right of the window, to easily access your Airtable API key from the same page.

![The Airtable API documentation for a base, with the Airtable Base ID and a toggle for showing your Airtable API key highlighted](./api-details.png)

Further down the page, you will begin to see example requests, showing you how to authenticate with the Airtable API externally, by providing an `Authorization` header in the format `Bearer $API_KEY`. The key after `Bearer` is your Airtable API key — make sure to keep it a secret.

![An example request in Airtable's API documentation, with the Airtable API key highlighted](./api-key.png)

> To make this API key available in your codebase, you can use the [`wrangler secret`](cli-wrangler/commands#secret) command. The `secret` command encrypts and stores environment variables for use in your function, without revealing them to users. 

Author: @signalnerve starting from this point, the user leaves airtable UI goes back to their terminal to run wrangler commands.

Reviewer: yep

```

Before you continue, review the keys that you should have from Airtable:

1. **Airtable Table Name:** the name for your table, e.g., "Form Submissions".
2. **Airtable Base ID:** the alphanumeric base ID found at the top of your base's API page.
3. **Airtable API Key:** the private API key found in example API requests on the Airtable API documentation page.

> ## Submit data to Airtable

Author: @signalnerve this section is titled submit data to airtable, but actually all of the steps are done in index.js, is that correct?

Reviewer: yep

```

Before you continue, review the keys that you should have from Airtable:

> 1. **Airtable Table Name:** the name for your table, e.g., "Form Submissions".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. **Airtable Table Name:** the name for your table, like "Form Submissions".
```

Reviewer 3: I've been replacing `i.e` and `e.g` for their English equivalents - `for example`, `like`, `in other words`

 https://workers-airtable-form.cloudflare.workers.dev
```

You will notice that your function is deployed to a unique URL—for instance, `https://workers-airtable-form.cloudflare.workers.dev`. This represents the first part of your front-end form's `action` attribute—the second part is the _path_ for our form handler, which is `/submit`. In your front-end UI, configure your `form` tag as seen below:

```html
<form action="https://workers-airtable-form.cloudflare.workers.dev/submit" method="POST" class="...">
<!-- The rest of your HTML form -->
```

> After you have deployed your new form (Cloudflare recommends using [Pages](https://pages.dev) for this), you should be able to submit a new form submission, and see the value show up immediately in Airtable:

Author: @signalnerve kristian on this part i am confused how this goes with the rest of the tutorial, aren't you using airtable to make the form? where does pages come in here? I feel like this would deserve its own how to if we are recommending it

Reviewer: Nope! The form setup begins at line 26 ("Creating a form"). That HTML should get deployed to Cloudflare Pages. I find the "Cloudflare recommends..." phrasing a little awkward, is there a different way we can phrase it that makes it clear that Pages is best-suited for this and maybe remove the "we/Cloudflare" voicing entirely?

 https://workers-airtable-form.cloudflare.workers.dev
```

> You will notice that your function is deployed to a unique URL—for instance, `https://workers-airtable-form.cloudflare.workers.dev`. This represents the first part of your front-end form's `action` attribute—the second part is the _path_ for our form handler, which is `/submit`. In your front-end UI, configure your `form` tag as seen below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You will notice that your function is deployed to a unique URL — for instance, `https://workers-airtable-form.cloudflare.workers.dev`. This represents the first part of your front-end form's `action` attribute — the second part is the _path_ for our form handler, which is `/submit`. In your front-end UI, configure your `form` tag as seen below:
```

Reviewer 3: I've also been adding spaces between em-dashes, as we follow AP's style guide
